Didn't you say watch the surveillance?
Now, how do you get a snowflake? How do you get a snowflake?
Mr. Zhang
I didn't know you were a staff member in the monitoring room.
You don't know. Who knows?
Don't ask, obviously the surveillance is broken
Did you do it?
My good niece
Anyone who gives her evidence
You can't wrong your uncle
Shameless Xueyao is fine
Now that the surveillance has been compromised
It shows that the time is not ripe enough
Let's go first
Sister, thank you for the information just now.
This is the last time I will help you.
Sister, I'm here for our family
For you?
I want you to accept the end alone
Shut up and get out of my face
Sis, don't laugh
Here's a question for you.